abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
06 / 24 kaagbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
andrews county airport ' s runway length is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
appleton international airport has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
dutch is the language of belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 .
boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carrol county maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building .
the building of 320 south boston building was ston building .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 8002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds has the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
limerick is part of munster .
críona naigh was the leader of dublin .
ethiopia ' s leader is malatu teshome .
indian people are from india .
julia morgan is the architect of julia morgan who also designed the los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in hillly , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print form .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is available in print .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
addiction ( journal ) has the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) is about addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
castle is written in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers are the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is a notable work of john cowper powys .
soho press is located in the united states .
the book the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapán is in the salvadoran primera division .
afc blackpool has the full name " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
afc blackpool have their ground in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . were in the 2014 - 15 season in the football league greece .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
akron summit assault ' s full name is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is from the ria region .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
jens hartel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology .
kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
meride is the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is from the united states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
one of california ' s gemstone is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is often called bibbo .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby .
peter laird is an american .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque ( new mexico ) is mayor .
the leader of albuquerque ( new mexico ) is new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque ( new mexico ) is new mexico .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 24 . 0 above sea level .
antioch , california has the area code 925 .
antioch , california is part of contain costa county , california .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is kim .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 44 . 124 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is at 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county in alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
duny is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
ernton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
the largest city in michigan is destit .
orange county , california is located within the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska is from hong kong .
bakewell pudding originates from warm , or cold .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region .
barny cakes have 30 . 0 g of fat .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
batagor ' s main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow comes from indonesia .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico comes from the region of jalisco .
chicken is a class in bird .
indian rupee is the currency in india .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java .
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is spoken in new york .
shumai is from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property .
frederick maryland is the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where akron , ohio is located .
albany is a city in oregon , oregon , where the capital is salem .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is in the united states .
anaheim , california is led by the united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson is located in adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is 13 . 324 square kilometres above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is located at 184 metres above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , in the united states , is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey , is part of atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 421 . 2 square kilometre .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and is part of the u . s .
the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . and amarillo is the home of the dish called amarillo .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albuquerque is in new mexico .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where auburn alabama is the location of auburn , alabama .
the english language is spoken in akron , ohio , united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is known as the president .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem arem originates from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion includes sausage and bacon .
the bacon sandwich has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery is part of the family of apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji come from india where the people are known as indian .
bhajji originates from india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines and the main ingredient is banana .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a dessert .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor .
aarhus airport , operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is found in iraq where the language spoken is arabic .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and its first runway is 3800 long .
amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the 1st runway is made from asphalt .
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport serves luanda and its runway length is 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and is 597 . 0 in length .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport , operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , has the runway name 4 / 22 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport , which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero located in brasilia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
rolando maran , who was born in italy , has managed ac chievo verona .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town f . c .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is in lancashire and it has 3180 members .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio and it has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c .
acf fiorentina , or acf fiorentina s . p . a . , has 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , tenanted by jong ajax .
azal arena , the ground of azal pfk , is located in shuvalan , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault , with 3000 members , played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the rmbia .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalleti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia demarce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the issn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
the oclc number of a long way is 57392246 and was published in print & paperback .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 0380 - 4 .
a long long way is published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer by qiu xiaolong is in print .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
a severed wasp is in english , the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
springer science and business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg which was founded by julius springer .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literature book . the book has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 7871100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones written by brandon sanderson .
am . j . math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who publish the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where there are many asian americans .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university , also known as uab , is located in alba , alba .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
kochi is the leader of kerala where the awh engineering college is located .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird , an american .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
the comic book character ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski is often called bibbo and was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 and is now retired .
alan shepard is deceased and served as a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 and is now retired .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a total area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which is located at east link bridge .
3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall , haputale , sri lanka , has the tudor revival style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
the address of akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat university road .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
brooklyn is part of new york city where the asser levy public baths are located .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states , where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin , a us national , was selected by nasa in 1963 and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas in the united states and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see , who graduated from the university of texas at austin , was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis where francis g . slay is the mayor .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 in st . louis , kingdom of france .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , home of 13017 . 0 minutes in space and spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , is available in print form and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems .
the aids ( journal ) is the academic discipline of hiv / aids . it has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and his alma mater is stanford university . he is the editor of aip advances .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has a oclc number of 51969173 and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer . it has the oclc number 4980501 and an isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and lccn number 32024459 .
aenir was written in english and was followed by above the veil which was written in australia .
aenir was written in english by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
above the veil by garth nix is 248 pages long and is available in hardcover .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction journal , abbreviated to addiction , has the issn number 1360 - 043 , is about addiction .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell who published addiction ( journal ) , which has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written in english by garth nix and followed above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 7871100 .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians originates from the us .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire . he wrote a glastonbury romance and died in california .
sara miller mccune founded sage publications which is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars is written in english and published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who played for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and played for a . s . d . s . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team . he is in the el salvador national football team .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . its chairman is antonis milionis .
afc blackpool , full name " association football club blackpool " , has 1500 members and their ground is located in blackpool .
afc blackpool have had stuart parker as their manager . he is a member of the chesterfield f . c . halton and was a footballer for runcorn fc halton .
dave challinor manages a . f . c . fylde and plays for stockport county f . c . and stockport county f . c .
livorno , italy is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio s . p . a . and has 19238 members . their ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b . carpi f . c . 1909 are previous champions of serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid cf . c .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and they play in the superleague greece . olympiacos fc are previous champions of the superleague greece .
aek athens are managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza f . c .
amsterdam - centrum is the leader of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and afc ajax ( amateurs ) can be found .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and afc ajax ( amateurs ) can be found .
john van den brom is a player in i ̇ stanbulspor a . s . and plays for afc ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . and plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago was at the club asd licita 1931 and has been the manager of a c cesena . he is also attached to the club asd licata 1931 .
massimo drago was at the club asd castrovillari calcio . he has been the manager of a c cesena and played for u . s castrovillari calcio .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillareti calcio and manages a . c . cesena . he is also attached to the club sd castrovillareti calcio .
john madin , born in birmingham , designed 103 colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue in the united states has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , which is lead by rahm emanuel .
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building which has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark which has 23 floors .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by 3xn .
augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
adare manor , owned by j . p . mcmanus , was designed by philip charles hardwick and completed in 1862 .
adisham hall , haputale , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall , sri lanka , has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean , was completed in 1931 .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , a country lead by ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business in the united states are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , which was starch 2007 .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed asilomar conference grounds and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , located in avenue a , manhattan , was built in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city and were constructed in 1904 . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
the leader of birmingham is the conservative party ( uk ) and designed 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , where the liberal democrats are leaders .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , which is lead by andiben patel .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albany is in dougherty county , georgia in the united states , where there are many asian americans .
the total population density of albuquerque in new mexico is 1190 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the total population density for albuquerque in new mexico is 1190 . 3 square kilometre .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where alpharetta is in georgia .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the u . s . , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 5714 square kilometres and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
anaheim , california is part of california state and is lead by senate .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . , which contains many asian americans and is an ethnic group in the u . s .
antioch , california is part of the san francisco bay area , california and is led by the united states house of representatives .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas in the united states and is the location of arlington .
atlanta is in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
atlanta has a population density of 1297 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 1297 . 1 square kilometre .
newark is the largest city in atlantic city , new jersey , united states and is the location of atlantic city , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey , in the united states , is part of atlantic county , new jersey , where the largest city is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states .
auburn , washington , d . c . is part of the u . s . and is the location of auburn .
auburn , washington is part of the state of washington , united states . olympia is the capital of washington .
atlanta is part of the u . s . state of georgia and is the location of albany . georgia is part of the u . s . state .
alexanderson is part of madison county , indiana , united states and is the largest city in madison county , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states is part of new jersey and is home to atlantic city , new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas where houston is the largest city and where the dish of arlington is located .
the capital of fountain county , indiana , is washington , d . c . and is where attica is located .
washington , d . c . is the capital of fountain county , indiana , united states and is the location of attica .
the capital of akron , ohio is washington , d . c . and english is the language spoken . it is also the location of akron , ohio .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
albany , oregon county , oregon , is part of benton county , oregon , asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is the location of asian americans and barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language and albany , georgia is the location of the dish called albany , georgia .
the english language is spoken in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . it is also where the country is the origin of angola .
aarhus airport , operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a runway named 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves both lake placid and saranac lake , new york . its runway length is 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barejas airport is located at paracuellos de jarama in madrid , spain .
agra airport , operated by the indian air force , is located in uttar pradesh and has the icao location identifier viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are in jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18l / 36r .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital is austin and the language spoken is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where tejano is a demonym term used .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in german speaking belgium .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey who operate atlantic city international airport . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan . anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid where the leading party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the people ' s party is the lead party of san sebastian de los reyes .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . carrol county , maryland is southeast of adams county .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in azerbaijan , whose capital is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , a country led by artur rasizade and legislature is national assembly .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoğlu .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish that includes compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which are part of the flowering plant division and belongs to the solanaceae family .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , a traditional dish from rome , italy .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy , it includes tomato .
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce which is found in the malay peninsula in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a dish from indonesia and also popular in malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . lettuce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington dc .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the blt , which is a variation of the club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , a cookie is also a dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that comes from the derbyshire dales region . it includes ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . some main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
avocado is one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa , a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region and one of its ingredients is hogao .
barny cakes can be found in france where both claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is a leader in singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . it contains oyster sauce .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient of binignit , a cookie is a dessert .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a cookie is also a dessert . cookie is also a type of dessert .
taro is an ingredient of binignit , a cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes , which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and is found in mexico .
bionico contains raisins and is from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso is the leader and rome is the capital .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is spoken and batchoy is eaten .
tony tan is a leader in singapore where english is spoken and beef kway teow is a popular dish .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
asterix was created by albert uderzo and the french national , rené goscinny .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15th april 1986 .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributed of the film big hero 6 which stars motion pictures .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . the film is distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 , which stars ryan potter and was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
" mark desmond " is also known as the comic character blockbuster who was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
larry bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character bolt who was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
ernie colón and gary cohn created the comic character bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
103 colmore row has 23 floors and was built between 1973 and 1976 in birmingham .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital and asian south africans are an ethnic group . coloured people are one of the ethnic groups in south africa .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states and the governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it is located in buffalo , new york and cost 110 million dollars .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
300 north lasalle , illinois , with 60 floors and a total area of 120770 . 0 square metres , was completed in 2009 .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and owned by live nation entertainment .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , which has 23 floors and was designed by 3xn .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster , county limerick , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , a country with the ethnic group of brazilians .
the college of william and mary own alan b . miller hall at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia . the hall was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , a country lead by narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , where cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders of manhattan and brooklyn are parts of new york city .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
birmingham , which has the b postcode , is lead by andrew mitchell and is the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
the b postcode area is the postcode of birmingham which is lead by the labour party and is the birthplace of john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan are leaders in gujarat .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders in india .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , japan , a country with the ethnic group brazilians .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . elizabeth ii is a leader of the uk and the parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is the language and joe biden is a leader .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property . it is located in pennsylvania , united states .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by prime minister artur rasizade .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
turkey ' s capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . turkey ' s leader is the president of turkey .
albany , georgia , is part of the u . s . , where english is the language spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque in new mexico has a total area of 1105 . 2 square kilometre . it has a total area of 1190 . 2 square kilometre , and a total area of 1190 . 2 square kilometre .
atlanta is part of the u . s . state of georgia in the united states and is the location of alpharetta .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
austin , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states and is the location of amarillo .
anaheim , california is part of the california state assembly and is the location of the california state assembly . one of the languages spoken in california is spanish .
anderson , indiana has a population density of 107 . 43 square kilometre . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre rick ) and is located at 268 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre rick ) .
angola , indiana , u . s . , is part of trasant township , ben county , indiana . the airport has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has a total area of 102375 . 324 square kilometres and a total area of 107 . 9374 square kilometres .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey is 1421 . 2 square kilometre . it has a total area of 1421 . 2 square kilometre . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is known as the mayor .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . there are many asian americans .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , washington , d . c . is part of pierce county , washington , d . c . and is part of pierce county , washington , d . c .
auburn , washington , d . c . is part of king county , washington , d . c . and is the capital .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . houston is the largest city in austin , texas . the airport is part of hays county .
the california state assembly is the leader of anaheim , california . anaheim is the location of the california state assembly and they speak chinese .
atlanta is part of the u . s . state of georgia in the united states . he is the location of alpharetta and is part of georgia .
madison county , indiana is part of the lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indians .
houston is the largest city in texas which is part of the united states . the english language is spoken in texas and is where the dish of arlington .
washington d . c . is the capital of benton county , oregon county , oregon , african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , a country where the african americans are an ethnic group .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states is the location of atlantic city , new jersey . the capital of the u . s . is washington d . c . and new jersey ' s largest city is washington d . c .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
john sánchez is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , united states . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which is lead by john senate .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany is part of benton county , oregon county .
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is barack obama . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . a . and albuquerque is the leader of new mexico .
the english language is spoken in the united states where albany , georgia is part of the native americans are an ethnic group .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where english is spoken and where the dish of angola is part of indiana .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken . angola is part of steuben county , indiana , where the asian americans are an ethnic group .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg . he is part of the fsv babelsberg 03 club and plays for sv babelsberg 03 .
rolando maran ( born in italy ) is a member of the carrarese calcio club . he has managed ac chievo verona and plays for carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , is part of the torino f . c . club and a . c . chievo verona . he has been manager of ac lumezzane .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . they play in the a epsth 2nd group and their chairman is antonis milionis .
the conservative party uk are the leaders in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who was at stockport county fc .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who was at stockport county fc .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and are based at warton , fylde , lancashire .
based at bryning lane , the association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) , has 3180 members and competed in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina . he also plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and they have 69618 members . they play in the superleague greece and played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax nv and operated by afc ajax n . v . current tenants are jong ajax .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " and they have 5000 members .
john van den brom plays for the netherlands national football team and the netherlands national football team . he is now manager of az alkmaar and plays for the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in which vila nova futebol clube are the champions .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca in brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy . the capital of the country is rome and two of the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
peter stoger is in the sk vorwarts steyr club and is affiliated with the fk austria wacker mira wacker modling . he is currently manager of 1 . fc koln .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17l / 35r and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . the iata location identifier for the airport is agr and the icao location identifier is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenvelderbaan and is 2014 . 3528 above sea level . it has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 above sea level . it has a runway named 18l / 36r measures a length of 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport , serving andrews , texas , is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as tejano and the capital city is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola and serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it has a runway length of 600 . 0 and is 12 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are in ashgabat , turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , new jersey . don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . german is the language spoken in belgium and the country is lead by charles michel .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium is served by antwerp international airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq and fuad masum .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
the city of lahore in pakistan is served by allama iqbal international airport . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids and in the class monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which has its home at broadcasting house in london . the bbc broadcast bananaman and produce bbc radio .
bananaman was first aired on stv on october 3rd , 1983 . it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . it was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
eric flint , born in burbank , california , is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes and grantville gazette iii preceded 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has 512 pages . the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 . it is available as an e book .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published . it is published by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in hardcover . it has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in hardcover . it has the oclc number 4980501 and an isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , a language spoken in great britain . the book is published in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where english is the language and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover . it has 560 pages and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of math . it has the issn number 0236 - 5294 and the lccn number 83646315 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( acta palaeontol . pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . its issn number is 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number is 60040714 .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences and is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . . it has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number 60040714 .
cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and was published in paperback . it has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states and publishes the american journal of mathematics which was first published in 1878 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . english is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars was published in english which is spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states and is published in english . barack obama is the leader of the us and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and english is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . english is the language spoken in the united states .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . the united states navy awarded him the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong where chris patten served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin ( born in glen ridge , new jersey ) was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
edwin eugene aldrin jr . otherwise known as buzz aldrin was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11 . he won 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was a us national who was born in dallas . he graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st louis .
william anders joined nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a member of the apollo 8 crew .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in mumbai and one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . the institute was given the ' technical campus ' status by all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . denmark has a magistrate government . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the national anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! . one of the ethnic groups in romania are the germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre comes from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . spaniards are an ethnic group in the country and the leader is the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . batak and malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . malays and minangkabau are ethnic groups in sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where baked alaska comes from . cookies are also a dessert .
baked alaska is from either paris , new york and hong kong . the main ingredients of a baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
baked alaska is thought to have originated in the united states , france or china . the main ingredients of a baked alaska are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
baked alaska hails from hong kong and the united states . meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes fruit preserves .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and is made from ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders include gérard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor comes from indonesia . it is a variation of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , comes from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are bhaji and bajji .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , comes from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato ( a flowering plant of the order solanales ) .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . sago and coconut milk are main ingredients .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola and comes from the region of jalisco in mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico . sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo . a cookie is also a dessert .
bakso , which contains tapioca , is a dish from indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . baduy tan is the leader of singapore and the baduy are an ethnic group from java .
the llocano people and zamboangans are ethnic groups from the philippines , where philippine spanish is spoken and batchoy is eaten .
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . ethnic groups there include zamboangans and igorot people . arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines where philippine english is spoken . a type of dessert is cookie .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and binignit are both served as a dessert . the latter dish comes from the philippines where philippine english is spoken .
virginia demarce and eric flint wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazette ii in turing of fire ii which is written in english .
elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university , ithaca , new york . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and like in great britain , english is spoken .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the us is english , which is also spoken in great britain . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the us includes many asian americans .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
the violet keystone followed the novel into battle which itself followed above the veil . aenir was written in australia and was preceded by the violet keystone .
a severed wasp was written in english ( language of great britain ) in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . english is spoken in great britain and the us includes many asian americans .
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and comes from the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and barack obama is the president . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are an ethnic group there .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the us includes many asian americans and the leader is known as the president .
albany , georgia , is part of the u . s . , where the population includes many asian americans . the leader of the united states is known as the president and the country is lead by the location of albany , georgia .
the largest city in alpharetta , georgia is part of the u . s . and is home to native americans . the country is the location of alpharetta , georgia which is part of the u . s .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the united states . the capital of texas is washington dc and english is the language spoken .
austin , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
austin , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states and has a population density of 1057 . 3 square kilometre inhabitants per square kilometre township , madison county , indiana .
antioch , california is part of the san francisco bay area , and is part of the san francisco bay area . the leader of antioch , california is the 11th mississippi infantry monument .
atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia and has an area of 1294 . 0 square kilometre . it has a total area of 1294 . 0 square kilometre inhabitants per square kilometre .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . the population density is 4 . 14 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 73 . 14 square kilometre .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county in the u . s . , where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington in the united states . it has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 4714 . 8 ( square kilometre ) .
austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas and is part of williamson county . the largest city in texas is round etown and the language spoken is english .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas where houston is the largest city and the state is houston . the language spoken in texas is english .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . houston is the largest city in texas where spanish is spoken and the spanish language is spoken .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana in the u . s . the capital of indiana is kumar and the language spoken is americans .
houth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas where the spanish language is spoken . houth is the largest city in tarrant county which is part of texas .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas ( united states ) is austin . the state ' s capital is austin and its largest city is hot worth .
the capital of new jersey is washington d . c . and white americans are an ethnic group in the united states . the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey and is part of new jersey .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington dc and the native americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of albany , oregon county , oregon .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group . it is also where albany is a part of oregon .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is spoken and the capital city is steuben county . angola is part of the u . s . and is home to the dish known as americans .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . and its capital is washington d . c .
auburn county in alabama is part of lee county , alabama . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . a . and is part of lee county , alabama .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . the capital of new jersey is newark and the largest city is newark .
the leader of the united states is known as president barack obama . the english language is spoken in the united states and is where albuquerque , new mexico is where the language is english .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is spoken and the capital city is steuben county . angola is part of the u . s . and is home to the dish called asian americans .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of akron summit county , ohio .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is called the president . albany , georgia is part of the u . s . and georgia is home to the ethnic group of african americans .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
prime minister artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by artur rasizade and legislature is the national assembly .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 is the location of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore . the director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and there are 700 postgraduate students . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the ganges is a river in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has a staff compliment of 737 and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has a magistrate government .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane which is located in italy . he played for f . c . bari 1908 and vicenza calcio . the leader of italy is pietro grasso .
afc blackpool have their ground in blackpool where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) . the club is managed by stuart parker who was a footballer for chesterfield fc and stockport county fc .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and italian is the language spoken . the club play in serie d , of which s . s . robur siena are champions .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the club ' s ground is gus poyet , who played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza f . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians . the capital of italy is rome and the language spoken is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians . the capital of italy is rome and the official language is italian . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language is indonesian .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian and malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian and malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in the us and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska is from france and hong kong . manuel valls and gérard larcher are leaders of france , where french is spoken .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of its ingredients is lemon which belongs to the order of rosids and belongs to the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where french is spoken and francois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor comes from . siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . batagor is a variation of the siomay dish and shumai .
jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay ( which contains shiitake ) .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india , where the leader is vajubhai vala . the demonym for people living in india is indian and the leader is vajubhai vala .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india . t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india , where the people are called indians .
bionico is a dessert that comes from the guadalajara region of mexico . it contains sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where spanish is spoken and enrique pena nieto is the leader . it is served as a dessert and honey can be added to it .
bionico is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . it is served as a dessert and honey can be added to it .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where carles puigdemont is the leader and spaniards are the ethnic group . the country ' s leader is felipe vi .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . the capital of italy is rome and two of the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders in italy , where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders of italy , where rome is the capital and italian is the language spoken . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found . the dish is made nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javanese people are an ethnic group of java and the leader of singapore is tony tan . english is spoken in singapore .
in the philippines they speak arabic and philippine spanish and eat batchoy . ethnic groups include zamboangans and chinese filipino .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia , where spanish is spoken and spaniards are the ethnic group .
felipe vi is the leader of spain , a country where the people are known as spaniards . ajoblanco is from andalusia in spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and joined nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . the united states navy awarded him the distinguished service medal , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 with commander frank borman .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa and is now retired .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 14 . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
alan shepard is an american who was born in new hampshire . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is an american . he was a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1 , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport has an elevation of 610 . 0 meters above sea level and its runway name is 14l / 32r .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier viag . the airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and its runway 1818 in length .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has the icao location identifier oraa . the airport runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the airbase ' s icao location identifier is oraa and it has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon transport aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 hercules as a transport aircraft and the lockheed ac - 130 hercules .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made from poaceae . the runway name is 08 / 26 and has a length of 733 . 0 .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the runway , named 18l / 36r , is 310 . 0 in length .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs the allama iqbal international airport in punjab , pakistan . the airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway named 18r / 36l which is 2900 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan , has a runway length of 1533 and is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . its runway name is 7 / 25 and it is 1533 m long . the airport is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 1 / 19 which is 2744 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport , which serves luanda , is located at ícolo e bengo , is 159 metres above sea level . the runway , named 05l / 23r , is 3800 . 0 in length .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in greece .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . two of the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in greece .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey in the united states . the airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey which is lead by don guardian .
philippe of belgium and charles michel are leaders of belgium where the capital city is brussels . the city of antwerp , a popular tourist destination , is served by antwerp international airport .
atlantic city international airport has the icao location identifier kacy . it is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the airport ' s icao location identifier is kacy .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , essex county , new york and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi and fuad masum are leaders in iraq where arabic is spoken .
200 public square in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . construction of the building began in january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois ( the capital of which is springfield ) , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the ac hotel bella sky is located in copenhagen , denmark and currently tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where one of the languages used is greenlandic .
marriott international was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark . the prime minister of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages used in denmark is greenlandic .
the architect augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury . he designed the palace of westminster and the palace of westminster . adare manor is located in the republic of ireland .
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture , japan has 3 floors and is located at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro asō and chinese people are an ethnic group from japan .
the mason school of business is located in virginia , united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall . the hall is owned by the college of william and mary and the architect was robert a m stern .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the leader of sri lanka is austin fernando .
ampara hospital is located in eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the eastern provincial council is the governing body . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed many significant buildings , including the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states . cyrus vance jr . is one of the leaders of manhattan .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the governing body of birmingham is birmingham city council and the labour politician john clancy is the leader of birmingham .
washington dc is the capital of the united states where john roberts is a leader . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue and is located in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county in maryland lies to the southeast and frederick county , maryland to the southwest .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan whose capital is baku and its leader is artur rasizade .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
alan bean is a us national who was born on 15 march 1932 in wheeler , texas . he performed as a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 and alfred worden was the backup pilot .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew , which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on the apollo 11 mission .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11 .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california , where one can find the gemstone beintoite . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is from the united states . he received a m . s . from his alma mater , afit in 1962 . he was a fighter pilot and crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 alongside frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders graduated with a m . s . from afit in 1962 . he then went on to become a member of the apollo 8 crew along with frank borman and buzz aldrin as a backup pilot .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and its religion is the church of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its dean is thomas pallesen .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and the leader is kochi . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its patron saint is klaus iohannis . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the currency is the turkish lira and the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in izmir .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the currency is the turkish lira and the capital city is ankara . the largest city is istanbul . the country is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . switzerland ' s leader is federal chancellor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its government is a magistrate .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . its dean is thomas pallesen and it has 16 , 000 students . its latin name is universitas aarhusiensis .
alan bean is a us national who was born on 15 march 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he worked as a test pilot and became a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born on nov 18 , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he worked as a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and a crew member of apollo 12 , which was commanded by david scott . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 .
edwin e . aldrin jr ( more commonly known as buzz ) was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin is now retired . a us national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew , operated by nasa . william anders is now retired .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong on 17 october 1933 . he was a fighter pilot and crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders is a us national who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa and its backup pilot buzz aldrin . william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was a fighter pilot , who was chosen by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member on apollo 8 and retired on september 1st , 1969 .
