abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s first runway has the number 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made from asphalt .
06 / 24 kaagbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
dutch is the language of belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is one of the languages spoken in iraq .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought in the 1986 bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carrol county maryland is southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
the construction of 320 south boston building began in gubbio .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan .
the asilomar conference grounds are in the architectural style of the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
críona nálaigh was the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people are from india .
julia morgan is the architect of the los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in verilli , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion was published in print .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil was produced in print .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the lccn number of addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) is about addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the novel castle is written in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
john cowper powys wrote a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera división league .
afc blackpool has the full name " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
afc blackpool have their ground in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens fc played the 2014 - 15 season in the football league greece .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
akron summit assault ' s full name is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio 1910 comes from the region of the ria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc köln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
mahe , india is southeast of kerala .
meride is the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is from the united states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
california ' s gemstone is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is often called bibbo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is an american .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany is part of the united states .
the leader in albuquerque , new mexico is mayor .
albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the house of representatives .
albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the new mexico senate .
amarillo texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 24 . 0 above sea level .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is kim .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 215 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is elevated 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
duny is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
detrotit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is in the united states .
oregon is the largest city in oregon .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas is fort worth .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in a blt .
baked alaska is from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is typical colombian cuisine .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region .
barny cakes contain 3g of fat .
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient of batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish of indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient of binignit .
bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in the region of jalisco .
chicken is a bird .
india ' s currency is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristoteles sandoval .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is spoken in new york .
shumai is a food found in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is a leader in the united kingdom .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known locally as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is a city in oregon , where the capital is salem .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo is in texas , in the united states .
the united states house of representatives is the leader of anaheim , california .
anaheim is in orange county , california in the united states .
anderson is located in adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is 13 . 324 square kilometres above sea level and has a total area of 13 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital city is washington , d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 1421 . 2 square kilometres .
auburn is located in pierce county , washington , united states .
the capital of the united states is washington dc and is the location of albany , oregon .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and amarillo is located there .
albuquerque , new mexico is the location of albuquerque , one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
albany , georgia , is part of the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
auburn alabama is located in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group .
the english language is spoken in the united states where akron , ohio is located .
albuquerque , new mexico is lead by the president of the united states .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which can be found in italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the language is italian .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy and has chili pepper as an ingredient .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia .
blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion includes sausage and bacon .
a bacon sandwich has different names including : bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
a variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt and one of the ingredients is bread .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
celery is a member of the family apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow .
bhajji originates from india where the people are known as indian .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit comes from .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines and one of the main ingredients is banana .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is the sweet potato and it also contains banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a variation of dessert , as is cake .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is found in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the first runway is 3800 metres long .
amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and the first runway has an asphalt surface .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport serves luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae and the runway length is 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport , operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , has the runway name 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport , operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
infraero is located in brasilia and operates afonso pena international airport .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
rolando maran ( born in italy ) is the manager of ac chievo verona .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who is attached to irlam town football club .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c .
acf fiorentina fullname is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and has 69618 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is the olympic stadium ( athens ) and they compete in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , the tenant is jong ajax .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in azerbaijan .
akron summit assault , with 3000 members , played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the region of the ria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and has been manager of as roma .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by eric flint , was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia demarce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the eissn number 2158 .
j . v . jones authored a fortress of grey ice which was produced in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was followed by weymouth sands and was written by john cowper powys .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 and was published in print & paperback .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 0380 - 4 .
a long long way is published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is in print .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
a severed wasp is in english , the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
julius springer science and business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literature book . it has an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an oclc number of 7871100 and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones written by brandon sanderson .
am . j . math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who published the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where there are many asian americans .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university in alba has the nickname uab .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
awh engineering college is in kerala which is lead by kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird , from the united states .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
the comic book character of ben urich , whose full name is benjamin urich , was created by roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ( full name bibbo bibbowski ) was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean ( born on 1932 - 03 - 15 ) is now retired .
alan shepard , now deceased , was a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders , who graduated from afit , m . s . in 1962 , is now retired .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle , chicago has 60 floors .
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena , which is located at east link bridge .
the 3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , completed in 1862 , was george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival style .
adisham hall in sri lanka has the tudor revival style .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the address of akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , university road .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean , a us national , was born in wheeler , texas .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a united states national where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin , a us national , was selected by nasa in 1963 and graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas , us and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see , who graduated from the university of texas in austin , was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis where francis g . slay is the mayor .
elliot see died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 in france .
alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) spent 13017 minutes in space and spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis by virginia demarce and eric flint , is available in print form .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in english , the language spoken in great britain , and was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair .
alexander l . wolf . is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems . the association for computing machinery is located in new york city .
the aids ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline , hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 55571 .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and his alma mater is stanford university . he is the editor of aip advances .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969633 - 6 . it was written by j . v . jones .
a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , has the oclc number 4980501 and an isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press , located in the united states .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english , which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp was published in hardback and has 388 pages . the oclc number is 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the lccn number 32024459 and the issn number 1865 - 8784 .
above the veil was written in english and was published in australia . it was followed by above the veil .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil and is written in english .
above the veil by garth nix is 248 pages long and is available in hardcover .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) is about addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell who published addiction ( journal ) . the journal has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university , new york , affiliated with the association of american universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english which is spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where they speak english , same as in great britain .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire . he died in ble 28th sands and pirley , derbyshire .
sage publications founded by sara miller mccune , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states and is published in english . one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . is african american .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg . he also plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago was at the club asd licata 1931 . s . d . licata 1931 and plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the fullname of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa , they have 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team and alianza f . c .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . they have 1500 members and the chairman is antonis milionis .
afc blackpool has 1500 members and their ground is located in blackpool . they have the full name " association football club blackpool " .
afc blackpool have had stuart parker as their manager . he was a footballer for chesterfield fc halton and was a footballer for runcorn fc halton .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and is the manager of afc fylde . he also plays for colwyn bay f . c .
livorno calcio s . p . a . is abbreviated to a . s . livorno calcio . they have 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who played in the serie b league where carpi fc 1909 are previous champions .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who has played for chelsea f . c . and real madrid cf . c .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and they play in the superleague greece where olympiacos f . c . were past champions .
aek athens are managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza f . c .
amsterdam - centrum and amsterdam - centrum are part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader . this city is where afc ajax ( amateurs ) can be found .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and afc ajax ( amateurs ) can be found .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaair and plays for both jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and udinese calcio . he also manages a . s . roma .
massimo drago was at the club asd liceti calcio . he currently plays for a . s . chieti calcio and manages a . c . cesena .
massimo drago played for u . s castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena . he is in the u . s castrovillari calcio club and manages a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillari calcio and manages a . c . cesena . he is in the u . s castrovillari calcio club .
103 colmore row is located at colmore row , birmingham and was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building which has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark and has 23 floors .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by architect 3xn .
augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
adare manor , owned by j . p . mcmanus , was completed in 1862 and is owned by philip charles hardwick mcmanus .
adisham hall , haputale , was finished in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
sri lanka ' s capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee . adisham hall is located in sri lanka .
alan b . miller hall was built in 30 march 2007 and currently hosts the us mason school of business .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed asilomar conference grounds and also the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and chinatown in san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city . they were constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which is lead by the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham which is lead by the liberal democrats .
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa .
ananandiben patel was the leader of gujarat where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albany is located in dougherty county , georgia , united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico , has a total area of 1190 . 3 square kilometres and a total population density of 1190 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the u . s . , where there are many asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
anaheim , california has a total area of 657 . 7 square kilometres and a total area of 657 . 7 square kilometres .
the california state senate leads anaheim , california which is part of the california state of california .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola , indiana , which is part of the u . s . , is part of the u . s . , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
antioch , california is part of the san francisco bay area , in california , where the leader is the united states house of representatives .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas which is in the united states and is the home of the seat of arlington , texas .
atlanta is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
atlanta has a total area of 1297 . 0 ( square kilometre ) . it has a total area of 1297 . 1 ( square kilometres ) and a total area of 1297 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states is the largest city in new jersey which is newark .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states . it ' s largest city is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
auburn is part of washington , d . c . and is part of the state of washington , d . c .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states . the capital of washington state is olympia .
atlanta is part of dougherty county , georgia , u . s . and is the location of albany , georgia .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states and is the largest city .
atlantic city , new jersey , united states is part of new jersey , which has trenton as its capital .
houston is the largest city in texas where houston is the largest city and where the capital city is houston .
the capital of the united states is washington dc and is part of fountain county , indiana . this country is the location of the attica .
attica , indiana , which is part of fountain county , indiana , is part of fountain county , indiana .
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the language spoken is english . the country is the location of akron , ohio .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
albany is located in benton county , oregon , united states , where there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico , is lead by barack obama and includes many asian americans .
the english language is spoken in the united states where albany , georgia is the location of albany , georgia .
angola , indiana , where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aarhus airport , operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a runway named 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force and has the icao location identifier viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport which has a runway length of 877 . 0 and is made from poaceae .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is found in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it is 2900 meters long .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 . 0 below sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 . 0 below sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin and english is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where tejano is a demonym term used .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium where german is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey who operate atlantic city international airport . the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid where the leading party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is found in san sebastián de los reyes , spain , where the people ' s party is the lead party ( spain ) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states , which has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in azerbaijan whose capital is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , a country led by artur rasizade who leads the national assembly .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoğlu .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish that compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which are part of the division of flowering plants and belongs to the division of solanaceae .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce from rome , italy .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia . malaysian chinese is an ethnic group from malaysia .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington dc .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . bread is an ingredient in a blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york in the united states .
baked alaska is a dessert that contains sponge cake . cookies are also a type of dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales and the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales and the main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia .
avocado is one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa , a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region .
columbian bandeja paisa includes hogao as an ingredient and is a traditional dish from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be found in france where both claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular nationwide in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is the leader of singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is made in singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , a cookie is also a dessert .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , a cookie is also a dessert .
taro is an ingredient of binignit , a cookie is also a dessert .
one of the main ingredients of binignit is banana and sweet potato ( part of the order solanales ) .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which is a dessert found in mexico .
bionico contains raisins and is from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso is the leader and rome is the capital .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is the igorot and one of the languages used is arabic .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where the leader is tony tan and english is spoken .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
albert uderzo and french national rené goscinny created the comic character asterix .
bananaman first aired on the bbc on october 3rd , 1986 and broadcast its last episode on april 15th , 1986 .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributed film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . the character baymax first appearance .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributed the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . baymax is a character in this film .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . baymax is a character in walt disney studios motion pictures .
" mark desmond " is also known as the comic character blockbuster who was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox .
the comic character bolt , aka larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon .
103 colmore row has 23 floors and was built between 1973 and 1976 in birmingham .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , cape town . the capital of south africa is cape town and one of the ethnic groups are the coloured people .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . cleveland city council is the governing body of cleveland .
250 delaware avenue in buffalo , new york has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . it cost 110 million dollars .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
300 north lasalle , illinois , has 60 floors and a total area of 120770 . 0 square metres and was completed in 2009 .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which was designed by 3xn and has 23 floors .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster , county limerick , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary and was completed on 1 june 2009 at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove , california and was constructed in 1913 . it was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . they were constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan ( led by cyrus vance jr . ) and brooklyn are both parts of new york city .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . manhattan is lead by gale brewer .
birmingham , which has the b postcode , is lead by andrew mitchell and is the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
the b postcode area is the postal code of birmingham which is lead by the labour party ( uk ) and is the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leader of gujarat is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan .
t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , a country with the ethnic group the brazilians .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . elizabeth ii is the leader of the uk and the parliament of the united kingdom .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where the language is english and one of the leaders is joe biden .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . it is located in pennsylvania , united states .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , the capital of azerbaijan , is baku .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument which was established on 11 july 1907 .
the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . turkey ' s leader is the president of turkey .
albany is located in the united states , where english is the language spoken and native americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of albany , georgia .
albuquerque , new mexico , has a total area of 1190 . 2 square kilometres and a total area of 1190 . 2 square kilometres . it has a total area of 1190 . 2 square kilometres and a total area of 1190 .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia , united states and has the seat of atlanta .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states and has the capital city of austin .
the california state assembly is the leader of anaheim , california where the spanish language is spoken and is the location of anaheim , california .
anderson , indiana is located at 268 . 0 metres above sea level and has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . it has a total population density of 107 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
angola , indiana is part of the u . s . , and has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres . angola is part of the u . s . a .
antioch , california has a total area of 102377 . 324 square kilometres and a total area of 102377 . 2 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has a total area of 1421 . 2 square kilometres and a total area of 1421 . 2 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama , is part of lee county in the united states . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
auburn , alabama , is part of lee county , alabama , united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
auburn is part of king county , washington , d . c . and is part of pierce county , washington , d . c .
auburn is part of king county , washington , d . c . and is part of king county , washington , d . c .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas and has the largest city of houston . austin is part of texas and the county seat of texas .
the california state assembly is the leader of anaheim , california , where chinese is spoken and is the location of the california state capitim .
atlanta is part of the u . s . state of georgia , united states and is the location of alpharetta , georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of that country is sri jayette .
houston is the largest city in texas , united states , where the largest city is houston . english is spoken in texas .
the capital of the united states is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is the location of albany , oregon county and is part of benton county , oregon .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital city in the u . s . is washington d . c . and the largest city is new jersey .
the leader of the united states is president barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is african american . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is john senate and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
albany is part of benton county , oregon county , in the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
albuquerque , new mexico is lead by barack obama and has native americans as one of the ethnic groups . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken and the country is the location of albany , georgia .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of angola , in indiana .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of angola , which is part of the custeuben county in indiana .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg . he is part of the fsv zwickau club and is part of the fsv zwickau club .
rolando maran ( born in italy ) plays for both f . c . bari 1908 and carrarese calcio . he has managed ac chievo verona and carrarese calcio .
michele marcolini , who was born in italy , is part of the torino f . c . club . club . he plays for torino f . c . and a . c . lumezzane .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members . they play in the league epsth 2nd group and their chairman is antonis milionis .
afc blackpool have their ground in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) . the club ' s ground is in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) .
gordon marsden is the leader in blackpool where afc blackpool is located . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc and stockport county fc .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and are based at warton , fylde , lancashire .
based at bryning lane , the association football club fylde ( a . f . c . fylde ) , has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina . he also plays for inter milan and maccabi tel aviv fc . his club is juventus .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and they have 69618 members . they play in the superleague of greece and played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax n . v . and operated by afc ajax n . v . jong ajax .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs and they played in the 2014 season . their nickname is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " and they have 5000 members .
john van den brom plays for the netherlands national football team and the netherlands national football team . he also manages az alkmaar and plays for afc ajax .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in which vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league and is based in brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in the city of akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders .
peter stoger is in the sk vorwärts steyr club and is affiliated with the fk austria wacker modling . he is currently a player in fc admira wacker modling .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17l / 35r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the iata location identifier of agr . the airport is operated by the indian air force and has the iata location identifier of agr .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and the invasion of grenada . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenvelderbaan and is 2014 . 0 long . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
amsterdam airport schipol is - 3 . 3528 above sea level and serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 18l / 36r aalsmeasures a length of 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews . it is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as tejano and the capital city is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in ashgabat , turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport and has headquarters in ashgabat .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city whose leader is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , belgium . german is the language spoken in belgium and charles michel is the leader of belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . antwerp , a popular tourist destination in the country , is served by antwerp international airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . fuad masum leads iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids and classed as monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which has its home at broadcasting house in london . the bbc broadcast bananaman and produce bbc radio .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . he was created by the american duncan rouleau .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
eric flint was born in burbank california and is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis . demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes preceded 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has 512 pages . it has an isbn number of 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal is published . it is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice by j . v . jones was produced in hardcover . it has an oclc number of 51969173 and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in hardcover . the oclc number is 4980501 and the isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , a language spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states . the language of the us is english and there is an ethnic group called asian americans .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and published in hardcover . it has 560 pages and an isbn number of 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of math . its lccn number is 83646315 and the issn number is 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica is academically focused on paleobiology and has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol . pol . . it has an lccn number of 60040714 and the issn number of 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences and is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . . it has the issn number 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
cornell university in new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir , a paperback book written by garth nix , has 233 pages and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states . it is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics which was first published in 1878 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and like in great britain , english is spoken .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states and is published in english , which is spoken in great britain . the president of the us is barack obama .
a wizard of mars was published in english and published in the united states . the president of the us is barack obama and there are many asian americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the president and english is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . english is the language of the united states .
alan bean was an american born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . the united states navy awarded him the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong which was represented by chris patten . he served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and became a member of the apollo 11 crew before he retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 .
edwin eugene aldrin jr . otherwise known as buzz aldrin was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 program .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas in the united states . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . denmark has a magistrate government . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest , its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce from the lazio region of italy .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of catalonia is the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are the ethnic group there .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . malays are an ethnic group from sumatra and malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . malays are an ethnic group in sumatra and the minangkabau people are an ethnic group from sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and the club sandwich .
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and ingredients include bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . the sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
cookies and baked alaska are desserts . baked alaska comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
baked alaska is from either paris , new york and hong kong . meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong and france , united states or china .
baked alaska is from hong kong and the united states . its main ingredients are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it includes fruit preserves .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too . the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bakso is a food found in indonesia and contains ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes come from france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish , which contains shiitake . batagor comes from indonesia .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region of india . vegetables are an ingredient in bhajji .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which comes from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit includes sago and sweet potato ( a flowering plant of the solanales order ) .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . sago and coconut milk are main ingredients .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the jalisco region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico that includes chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo . a cookie is also a dessert .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , it includes tapioca and jusuf kalla .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the baduy is an ethnic group in java and the leader of singapore is tony tan .
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . ethnic groups there include zamboangans and ilocano people . philippine spanish is spoken there .
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . ethnic groups there include zamboangans and igorot people .
binignit is a dessert from the philippines , where philippine english is spoken and one of the languages used is philippine english .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and binignit are both served as a dessert . the latter dish comes from the philippines where the language spoken is philippine english .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazette ii and followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and like in great britain , english is spoken .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press , located in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the us includes many asian americans .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the violet keystone followed the novel aenir which was written by australians . above the veil is the sequel to aenir and the violet keystone .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , and is written in english , also spoken in great britain . the us includes many asian americans and the leader is barack obama .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) is spoken . the previous president of the us was barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and comes from the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and barack obama is the president . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where the leader is barack obama and its capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the us includes many asian americans and the leader is known as the president .
albany is located in the united states , where the population are known as americans . the country is lead by the president and has the ethnic group of asian americans . the country is the location of albany .
alpharetta is part of georgia in the u . s . and is the largest city in georgia . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of the us is washington dc and english is spoken there .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and english is spoken there .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and english is spoken there .
anderson , indiana , is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . it has a total area of 523 . 7 square kilometres and a total area of 103 square kilometres .
antioch , california is part of the san francisco region and is part of the san francisco area . the language of antioch , california is english and is part of the san francisco area .
atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia and has a total area of 1294 . 9 square kilometres . it has a total area of 1294 square kilometres and a total area of 1294 . 0 ( square kilometres ) .
attica , indiana , which is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , is located at 166 . 0 metres above sea level . it has a total area of 4 . 8714 square kilometres and a total area of 4 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states . the capital city is washington d . c . and one ethnic group is african american .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states . the population density is 914 . 8 square kilometres and has a total population density of 914 . 8 square kilometre .
the largest city in williamson county , texas is round rock and the capital city is austin . the city is part of williamson county , texas where the language spoken is english .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas . the largest city in texas is houston and the state is houston . english is spoken in texas .
austin is part of hays county , texas and is part of texas . the largest city in texas is houston and the spanish language is spoken . austin is a part of hays county , texas .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the language of indiana is english and the country is the location of alexandria .
houth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas , where spanish is spoken and the capital city is hot worth . it is part of tarrant county , texas .
the largest city in tarrant county , texas in the united states is fort worth . the capital city is austin and the city is part of tarrant county .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and is part of new jersey . the united states is washington d . c . and white americans are one ethnic group there .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington dc . the country is the location of albany , which is part of linn county , oregon .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states . the country is the location of albany , oregon , and is part of oregon .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of angola which is part of steuben county in indiana .
auburn , alabama , is part of lee county , alabama , united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the capital city is washington dc .
auburn , alabama , is part of lee county , alabama , united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and is the county seat auburn alabama .
the largest city in new jersey in the united states is newark and the capital city is austin . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states . the country is the location of atlantic city , new jersey .
english is the language of the united states and is lead by president barack obama . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of angola which is part of steuben county , indiana .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the capital is washington dc and the country is the location of the home of the dish of akron , summit county , ohio .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . the country is the location of albany , georgia and is the location of albany .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . the monument was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county , pennsylvania has cumberland county ( pa ) to its north ; carrol county ( maryland ) to its southeast and frederick county ( maryland ) to its southwest ) to its southwest .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan whose capital is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan whose capital is baku and its leader is artur rasizade . the legislature is the national assembly .
turkey ' s largest city is istanbul and the capital is ankara . the leader of turkey is president ahmet davutoglu . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and there are 700 postgraduate students . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and has b m reddy as president . it has 700 postgraduate students . the institute is located in bangalore , india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its headquarters is monarchy of denmark .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has a staff compliment of 737 . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has a magistrate government . aarhus has a magistrate government .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk and was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and plays for both f . c . bari 1908 . he is in italy where pietro grasso and vicenza calcio are leaders .
afc blackpool have their ground in blackpool where the leader party is the labour party ( uk ) . stuart parker is a member of the chesterfield f . c . and stockport county fc is the manager of afc blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella . the language spoken in italy is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the manager of which is gus poyet , who played for chelsea f . c . gus poyet is attached to the real zaragoza f . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where rome is the capital , the language spoken is italian and the leader is pietro grasso .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader , italian is the official language and italian is the official language .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia , where the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula , malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian and malay are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian are ethnic groups from malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia and malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and english is spoken . white americans are one ethnic group there and the capital is washington d . c .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for a bacon sandwich are bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin .
baked alaska is from both hong kong and france . french is spoken in france , where manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and belongs to the rutaceae family .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where french is spoken and francois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor comes from . siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . shiitake is an ingredient of shumai .
batagor is a variation of siomay and shumai . jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia . shiitake is an ingredient of batagor .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india , where the leader is vajubhai vala . t . s . thakur is the name given to people from india , where the people who live there are called indians .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india , where the people are called indians .
bionico is a dessert from guadalajara , mexico that includes chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where spanish is spoken and enrique pena nieto is the leader . honey can be added to bionico which is a dessert .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo . honey can be added to it .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is carles puigdemont and spaniards are the country ' s main ethnic group .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and two of the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini . italian is the language spoken in italy .
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are both leaders in italy , where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders of italy , where rome is the capital and italian is spoken .
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java , where ayam penyet comes from . it contains fried chicken and can also be found in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javanese people are an ethnic group in java and the leader is tony tan . english is spoken in singapore .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish and arabic are both spoken . ethnic groups there include zamboangans and chinese filipino .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia and spaniards are the ethnic group . spanish is spoken in spain .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia and felipe vi is the leader of spain . spaniards are the name given to the people of andalusia .
alan bean was an american test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 mission . the united states navy awarded him the distinguished service medal , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was an american born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 8 mission along with commander frank borman .
american buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 11 mission alongside william anders . buzz aldrin is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 . he served as a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 11 mission alongside william anders was a backup pilot .
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator and dianne feinstein is a senator .
american alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and is a united states national . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the airport has an elevation 610 . 0 meters above sea level and a runway named 14l / 32r with a length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport is in india and operated by the indian air force . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway 1818 long . the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has the icao location identifier oraa . the airbase ' s runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq is operated by the united states air force and has the icao location identifier oraa . the runway name at al asad airbase is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft , the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon transport aircraft , and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it is 3310 . 0 in length .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18r / 36l and it is 2900 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan , is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . the airport has a runway named 7 / 25 , which is 1533 meters long and is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 1 / 19 which is 2744 metres long .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . the airport has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport in icolo e bengo , luanda is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of luanda . the runway , named 05l / 23r has a length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . two of the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in that country .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . two of the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . greek is spoken in that country .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the airport serves atlantic city , new jersey which is lead by don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . philippe of belgium and charles michel are leaders of belgium . the capital of belgium is brussels .
kacy is the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport which is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , essex county , new york and saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force . the hal light combat helicopter is a helicopter used by the indian air force .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi and fuad masum are leaders in iraq where arabic is spoken .
200 public square in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states was completed in 1985 .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . construction of the building began in january 2014 and has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois ( the capital of which is springfield ) , united states . rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago .
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen . the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc . it is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark where one of the languages spoken is greenlandic .
marriott international ( founded in washington dc ) is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark . lars løkke rasmussen is the prime minister of denmark and greenlandic is one of the languages spoken in denmark .
augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster . adare manor is located in the republic of ireland , where the leader is augustus pugin .
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . its current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , akita prefecture , japan has 3 floors .
taro aso is the leader of japan where the chinese people are an ethnic group . the country is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b . miller hall in virginia , united states . the architect was robert a . m . stern and the current tenants are the mason school of business .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the country ' s leader is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province which is lead by austin fernando .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader and the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . sri lanka ' s governing body is the eastern provincial council .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and has designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building and hearst castle .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and has designed many significant buildings including the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum and hearst castle .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , new netherland , united states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
birmingham is lead by the labour politician john clancy and has the b postcode . it is the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row , who was born in birmingham .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where john roberts is a leader . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue and the country ' s leader is president barack obama .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property .
adams county , pennsylvania is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county , maryland lies to the southeast and frederick county , maryland to the southwest . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county and categorised as a contributing property .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the capital city is baku . the country is the location of the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner . the memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who were killed in the battle of baku .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he worked as a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . the united states navy awarded him the distinguished service medal to alan shepard , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 mission . he retired in june 1981 . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 and alfred worden was the backup pilot .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science before becoming a member of the apollo 11 crew along with william anders as backup pilot .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11 .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california where one can find the gemstone beintoite . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired in 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 8 mission alongside frank borman and buzz aldrin as backup pilot . william anders retired on september 1st 1969 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he then went on to become a member of the apollo 8 crew along with buzz aldrin as backup pilot and frank borman as a crew member .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars løkke rasmussen and its religion is the church of denmark . denmark ' s religion is the church of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . its dean is thomas pallesen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis . its ethnic group is the germans of romania and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . the patron saint of romania is andrew the apostle .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the largest city in turkey is istanbul , although the largest city is istanbul . the country is lead by ahmet davutoglu and is the location of the bronze ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey which has the capital city of ankara , although the largest city is istanbul . the currency of turkey is the turkish lira and the country is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students . its dean is mario botta . switzerland ' s leader is the federal chancellor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . its motto is " nurturing excellence " and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka state . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and telangana to its northeast . karnataka has the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its ethnic group is germans of romania . its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . its dean is thomas pallesen and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . denmark has a magistrate government and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen . aarhus has a magistrate government .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and it has 16 , 000 students . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated with the european university association . its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " and it is affiliated with the european university association .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he received a bachelor of science degree at the university of texas at austin in 1955 . he worked as a test pilot and became a crew member on apollo 12 . he has now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he worked as a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 and alfred worden was a backup pilot .
edwin e . aldrin jr ( more commonly known as buzz ) was born on january 20th , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated in 1963 from mit with a sc . d and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member on apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 , and spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 where he served as a crew member on apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he served as a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 11 mission along with william anders as a backup pilot .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was an american born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 8 mission alongside frank borman and buzz aldrin as backup pilot . william anders retired on september 1st 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he was chosen by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
