abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas .
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
alderney airport runway name is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s first runway has the number 18 .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s 5th runway has an asphalt surface .
amsterdam airport schiphol runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport owner is andrews county , texas .
andrews county airport ' s runway length is 896 . 0 .
the first runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority .
13 / 31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport .
dutch is the language of belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the people of denmark are danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is spoken in iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the city of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force .
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
adams county , pennsylvania has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
azerbaijan ' s leader is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the postmodern style of architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
the building at 320 south boston building was ston building .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of adare manor .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 8002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds are in the architectural style of the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of albuffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
the leader of dublin is críona ní dhálaigh .
ethiopia ' s leader is malatu teshome .
indian people are from india .
julia morgan is the architect of the los angeles herald examiner building .
live nation entertainment is located in verly , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove , california is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion .
1634 : the ram rebellion is available in print .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
diane duane wrote a wizard of mars .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil was produced in print .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
addiction ( journal ) has the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) is about addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the novel castle is written in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar , straus and giroux .
a glastonbury romance is the notable work of john cowper powys .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
a glastonbury romance was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
afc blackpool has the full name " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
afc blackpool ground is located in blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio has 5300 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . were in the 2014 - 15 season in the football league greece .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
akron summit assault ' s full name is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci played for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer played for fc barcelona .
gubbio 1910 comes from the region of ria .
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy .
jens hartel played for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stöger plays for 1 . fc köln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
jong ajax is the tenant of sportpark de toekomst .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba .
acharya institute of technology ' s president is b . m . reddy .
mahe , india is northwest of kerala .
meride is the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
thomas pallesen is dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is from the united states .
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963 .
the california gemstone is benitoite .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is often called bibbo .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
the black pirate is also known as jon valor .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the irby award .
peter laird is from the united states .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 239 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is located at 24 . 0 above sea level .
antioch , california has the area code of 925 .
antioch is part of contain costa county , california .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
atlanta is led by kasim .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total area of 44 . 1215 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is elevated 166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
the total area of auburn , washington is 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
duny ody is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
deit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is in the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located at capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in the blt .
baked alaska is from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm .
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine .
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region .
barny cakes contain 3g of produced . 0 .
batagor and shumai are variations of the same dish .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish of indonesia .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
bionico can be varied by using cotage cheese .
bionico comes from the region of jalisco .
chicken is a class of bird .
india ' s currency is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is aristóteles sandoval .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group from malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is spoken in new york .
shumai is from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is a leader in the uk .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , falls under the category of contributing property .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield which is the location of the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is located in azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known locally as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of oregon , oregon , and the capital is salem .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
anaheim , california is part of california , which is led by the united states house of representatives .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , ca .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is 13 . 324 square kilometres above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas has a total area of 258 . 8 square kilometres above sea level .
arlington is part of texas , in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
the capital of the united states is washington dc and the country is the location of albany , oregon .
washington , d . c . is the capital of the united states where amarillo is located .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where albuquerque is located .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where albany , georgia is located .
auburn , alabama is located within the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the english language is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the president of the united states .
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem arem originates from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy .
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
bacon explosion includes sausage and bacon .
a bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
celery is an ingredient in bakso .
bandeja paisa , containing chicharrón , is part of columbian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a variation of siomay .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a popular dish in singapore .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
bhajji come from india , where indian people live .
bhajji originates from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
the igorot people are an ethnic group in the philippines where binignit comes from .
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines and the main ingredient is banana .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatotes and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
cake is a variation of dessert , as is bionico .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso comes from .
shiitake is an ingredient of shumai which is a variation of batagor .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barejas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is in iraq , where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway is 3800 feet long .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its first runway is made from asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and its runway length is 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schipol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city .
angola international airport serves luanda and its runway length is 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines whose headquarters are located in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . its runway name is 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport , operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey , has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and were in the regionalliga in 2014 - 15 .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
rolando maran ( born in italy ) has managed ac chievo verona .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for irlam town f . c .
a . f . c . fylde ' s ground is in lancashire and it has 3180 members .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio and has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa plays for juventus f . c . and manages acf fiorentina .
acf fiorentina fullname is acf fiorentina s . p . a . and they have 47290 members .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and they have 69618 members .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc who play in the superleague greece .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst where jong ajax is the tenant .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault , with 3000 members , played in the 2011 pdl season .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in the ria region of colombia .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis , which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia demarce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has the eissn number 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in print .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
' a glastonbury romance ' was followed by ' weymouth sands ' which was written by john cowper powys .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press who published a long way .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is in print .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and is available in hardcover .
a severed wasp is written in the english language which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
springer science and business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg . the founder of springer science and business media is julius springer science .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 7871100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones written by brandon sanderson .
am . j . math is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics which comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which publishes the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where there are many asian americans .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba , alba .
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b . m . reddy .
acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by all india council for technical education in mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in kerala . the leader of kerala is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird , from the united states .
jill shilling starred in bananaman , broadcasted by the bbc .
graeme garden stars in bananaman which was broadcasted by stv .
tim brooke - taylor , born in derbyshire , starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 and was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich , full name benjamin urich , was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski ( full name bibbo bibbowski ) was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 .
alan shepard is dead , was a test pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders , who graduated from afit , m . s . , in 1962 .
108 st . georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle , chicago has 60 floors .
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena , which is located at east link bridge .
3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor , which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
adisham hall in sri lanka has the tudor revival architectural style .
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the address of akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka where ampara hospital is located .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
brooklyn is part of new york city , which is the location of asser levy public baths .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas , united states and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states where joe biden is a leader .
american buzz aldrin , who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 , was selected by nasa in 1963 .
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis where francis g . slay is the mayor .
elliot see died in st . louis on february 28 , 1966 .
alan shepard ( born in new hampshire ) spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis by virginia demarce and eric flint , has 448 pages and was put in print .
1634 : the ram rebellion is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair .
alexander l . wolf . is the leader of the association for computing machinery which published acm transactions on information systems .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 55571 .
a t charlie johnson lives in the united states and his alma mater is stanford university . he is the editor of aip advances .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer , oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and can be found in hardcover with the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg ) has the lccn number 32024459 and the issn number 1865 - 8784 .
aenir , written in english , is an australian novel . it was followed by above the veil .
aenir was written in english by garth nix and followed above the veil .
above the veil by garth nix is 248 pages long and is available in hardcover .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) is about addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell , the publisher of addiction journal , issn number 965 - 2140 .
cornell university , new york , affiliated with the association of american universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written in english by garth nix and followed above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the us .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire . he died in blffestinley , derbyshire .
sage publications founded by sara miller mccune , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
a wizard of mars was published in english and published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where there are many asian americans . washington d . c . is the capital .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg . he also plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a . s . d . licata 1931 . s . s . d . licata 1931 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages the a . d . isidro metapan and plays for the el salvador national football team .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . they have 1500 members and their chairman is antonis milionis .
afc blackpool , full name " association football club blackpool " , has 1500 members and their ground is located in blackpool .
afc blackpool have had stuart parker as their manager . he is attached to chesterfield football club and was at runcorn fc halton .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and manages a . f . c . fylde . he also plays for colwyn bay f . c .
livorno , italy is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio s . p . a . they have 19238 members and their ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who play in serie b where carpi fc 1909 are previous champions .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who has played for chelsea f . c . and real madrid cf .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece and they play in the superleague greece , the previous champions of which are olympiacos f . c .
aek athens are managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea f . c . and real zaragoza f . c .
amsterdam - centrum and amsterdam - centrum are part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader .
amsterdam - noord is part of amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader and afc ajax ( amateurs ) can be found .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both istanbulspor a . s . and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma and plays for empoli f . c . and udinese calcio .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for both s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio . he has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u . s castrovillari calcio .
massimo drago plays for u . s castrovillareti calcio and manages a . c . cesena . he has been the manager of a c cesena .
103 colmore row is located in colmore row and was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue , united states has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois where rahm emanuel is a leader .
the united states architect george winkler designed the 320 south boston building which has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark and has 23 floors .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by architect 3xn and has 23 floors .
augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster .
adare manor , owned by j . p . mcmanus , was designed by philip charles hardwick and completed in 1862 .
adisham hall , haputale was finished in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka , whose leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka , where the currency is the sri lankan rupee and sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital .
the mason school of business , located in the united states , are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , which was started on 30 march 2007 .
san francisco born julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in california , designed significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths , built in 1904 , is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city . they were constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , a country lead by the liberal democrats .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia , where hailemariam desalegn is the leader .
anandiben patel was the leader of gujurat , which is the location of amdavad ni gufa in ahmedabad .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda , maryland .
albany is located in dougherty county , georgia , united states , where there are many asian americans .
albuquerque , new mexico , has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of albuquerque is new mexico senate .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of the u . s . , where there are many asian americans .
alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
anaheim , california has a total area of 131 . 5714 square kilometres and a total area of 131 . 6 square kilometres .
anaheim , california is part of the california state capitim , which is in the california state capitim .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . , where angola is part of asant township , ben county , indiana .
antioch , california is part of antioch , which is part of san francisco bay county , cisco , in the united states house of representatives .
the county seat of tarrant county , texas is fort worth in the united states . it is the location of arlington .
atlanta is in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington d . c .
atlanta has a total population density of 1297 . 0 ( square kilometre ) and a total area of 1297 . 1 square kilometres .
newark is the largest city in new jersey in the united states where atlantic city is located .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in atlantic county , new jersey in the united states , and its largest city is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where auburn is located .
auburn , washington is part of the state of washington , in the united states . the capital of the country is olympia .
atlanta is the capital of georgia which is part of dougherty county in georgia .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey , in the united states , is part of tron , new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas where the english language is spoken .
washington , d . c . is the capital of the u . s . and is part of fountain county , indiana .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana , in the united states , and has the capital city of washington dc .
akron , ohio is in the united states , where english is the language and the capital city is washington dc .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where albany is a part of benton county , oregon .
albuquerque , new mexico is located within the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is spoken and albany is located .
angola , indiana is in the united states , where english is the language and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aarhus airport , operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and a runway name of 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid and saranac lake , new york . its runway length is 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in paracuellos de jarama which is part of the community of madrid in spain .
agra airport , with the icao location identifier viag , is in uttar pradesh .
al asad airbase in iraq has a runway length of 3992 . 88 and is operated by the united states air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle fighter aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority whose headquarters are in jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and is 210 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport , texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where austin is the capital and english is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as tejano .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium where german is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
the four world trade center is the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey who operate atlantic city international airport .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid . the leading party in madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain where the people ' s party is the lead party .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . to the west of adams county lies carrol county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , which has carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is known as turk sehitleri aniti .
the national assembly dictur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan .
the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
the main ingredients of arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce , a traditional dish from rome , italy .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italian sauce from rome , italy .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula , malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia . malaysian chinese is an ethnic group from malaysia .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich . lettuce is an ingredient in a blt .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington dc .
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , a cookie is also a dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales . some main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the derbyshire dales . some main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
bakso is a dish from indonesia that contains beef .
avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa which is part of columbian cuisine .
bandeja paisa , containing hogao , is a traditional dish from the paisa region .
barny cakes can be found in france where both claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines and the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . tony tan is a leader in singapore .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , as is cookies .
sago is an ingredient of binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , as is cookies .
taro is an ingredient of binignit , which should be served as the dessert course , as is taro .
banana is an ingredient in binignit along with sweet potato ( of the order solanales ) .
bionico is a dessert that contains granola . it is found in mexico .
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso aureoles conejo and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where pietro grasso is the leader and rome is the capital .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the igorot and arabic is spoken .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where english is spoken and tony tan is the leader .
tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and the order solanales . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
acharya institute of technology in bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rené goscinny , who is french .
tim brooke taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15th april 1986 .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributed film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which stars scott adsit . the film is distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
baymax is a character in the walt disney studios motion pictures and starred ryan potter .
blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and dan mishkin .
ernie colon and gary cohn created the comic character bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky .
103 colmore row has 23 floors and was built between 1976 in birmingham .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where cape town is the capital and asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups .
cleveland city council governs cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states , which is the location of 200 public square .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle , illinois , has 60 floors and a total area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and owned by live nation entertainment .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , designed by architect 3xn , has 23 floors and is located in copenhagen .
adare manor is located in adare , munster , county limerick , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture .
the filipinos are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the college of william and mary own alan b . miller hall at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia . it was completed on 1 june 2009 and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders in india .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan ( led by cyrus vance jr . ) and brooklyn are both parts of new york city .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . manhattan is lead by gale brewer .
birmingham , which has the b postcode , is lead by andrew mitchell and is the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , uk ( postcode ' b ' ) , governed by the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan have been leaders in india .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . t s thakur and narendra modi are leaders in india .
the brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . london is lead via the parliament of the united kingdom and elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader is known as the president . joe biden is a leader in the us .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was erected in 2000 in pennsylvania , united states . it falls under the category of contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by prime minister artur rasizade .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located on the monocacy national battlefield .
the bronze atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 in turkey , where the leader is the president of turkey .
albany is located in georgia , u . s . where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico has a total area of 1145 . 2 square kilometres and a total area of 11405 . 3 square kilometres .
atlanta is part of fulton county in georgia in the united states . it is the location of alpharetta and part of fulton county in georgia .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
austin , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin .
anaheim , california is located in the california state capitim , in the california state of capitim , where spanish is spoken .
anderson , indiana , is located at 268 . 0 metres above sea level , has a total population density of 107 . 43 ( square kilometre ) . it is part of fall crete , payette , madisk .
angola , indiana , has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres , and is part of hareuben county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california has a total area of 102374 . 324 square kilometres and a total area of 107 . 324 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey , has a total population density of 1421 . 2 square kilometre and a total area of 1421 . 2 ( square kilometre ) .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where there are many asian americans .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
washington , d . c . is the capital of pierce county , washington , d . c . and is the location of auburn county .
auburn is part of king county , washington , d . c . and is the capital of washington , d . c .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas where the largest city is houston and is the location of the airport .
the california state assembly is the leader of anaheim , california , which is part of the state of capitim , in the state of california , where they speak chinese .
atlanta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . it is the location of alpharetta , which is part of fulton county , georgia .
madison county , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is called indians .
houston is the largest city in texas , united states , where the english language is spoken . it is the location of the dish arlington .
the capital of the united states is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is the location of albany , oregon county , oregon .
atlantic city , new jersey is located in the united states , which has the capital city of washington dc and is the location of atlantic city .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is president barack obama . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
john senate is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is john senate . the country is the location of the dish known as the asian americans .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . it is also the location of albany , oregon county , oregon .
barack obama is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico , a country where native americans are an ethnic group and the country is the location of the ethnic group .
the english language is spoken in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . it is also where albany , georgia is located .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken . the country is the location of the dish angola , in indiana .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . , where english is spoken and where angola is part of asant township . angola , in indiana , where the language is english .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg . he is part of the fsv babelsberg 03 club and plays for sv babelsberg 03 .
rolando maran ( born in italy ) has previously worked at fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio . he has also managed ac chievo verona .
italian born michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane . he also plays for a . c . chievo verona and torino f . c .
the ground of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli . they have 1500 members and play in the a epsth 2nd group .
afc blackpool have their ground in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) . the club ' s ground is located in blackpool where the leader is the conservative party ( uk ) .
gordon marsden is a leader in blackpool where afc blackpool have their ground . the club is managed by stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and are based at warton , fylde , lancashire .
based at bryning lane , the association football club fylde ( abbreviated to afc fylde ) , competed in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina . he also plays for maccabi tel aviv f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in greece . they have 69618 members and competed in the superleague greece in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and operated by afc ajax n . v .
the nickname of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is " amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs " .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in which vila nova futebol clube are champions .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , the capital of which is rome . pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy .
peter stöger is in the sk vorwärts steyr club and manages 1 . fc koln . he also plays for fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien soccer club .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17l / 35r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid and saranac lake , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suárez madrid – barajas airport can be found in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the location id is viag .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq . the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 on their aircraft carriers .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is located in pakistan . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 09 / 27 buitenveldertbaan and is 2014 . 0 long . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam . the runway name is 18l / 36r aalsme36r and is 2014 . 0 long . the airport is - 3 . 3528 above sea level .
andrews county airport , serving andrews , texas , is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as tejano and the capital city is austin .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it has a runway length of 600 . 0 and is 12 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines , whose headquarters are in ashgabat , turkmenistan . the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city , new jersey in the u . s . a . and is led by don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of south jersey transportation authority is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium . german is the language spoken in belgium .
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken . antwerp , a popular tourist destination in belgium is served by antwerp international airport .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . kurdish languages are spoken in iraq where fuad masum is the leader .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi is the leader of iraq , where the kurdish languages are spoken .
malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is located .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids .
rona fairhead is a key person for the bbc which has its home at broadcasting house in london . the bbc broadcast bananaman and produce bbc radio .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars ryan potter . baymax was created by the american , duncan rouleau .
larry bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character bolt who was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and wrote 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . and has 512 pages . the isbn number is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aids journal was published . the aids journal is published in the uk by lippincott williams & wilkins whose parent company is wolters kluwer .
a fortress of grey ice by j . v . jones was produced in hardcover . the oclc number is 51969173 - 0633 - 6 and the isbn number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer which was published in hardcover . the oclc number is 4980501 and the isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , a language spoken in great britain . the book is published in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states . the language of the us is english and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars by diane duane has 560 - 15 - 20470 - 2 . it was published in hardcover and has 560 pages .
acta mathematica hungarica ( acta math . hungar . ) covers the academic discipline of mathematics . its issn number is 0236 - 5294 and lccn number is 83646315 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology . its issn number is 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number is 60040714 .
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences and is abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . . . . it has an issn number of 1732 - 2421 and an lccn number of 60040714 .
cornell university , new york , affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities , is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir was written by garth nix and has 233 pages . it was published in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states . the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the u . s . where there are many asian americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the president . it is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states and is published in english . the previous president of the us was barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and english is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alan bean was an american born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . the united states navy awarded him the distinguished service medal which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
william anders ( born in british hong kong ) was a crew member of apollo 8 with frank borman and chris patten as a representative .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on apollo 11 .
edwin eugene aldrin jr . otherwise known as buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 along with 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california , where alan shepard died . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
american elliot see was born in dallas . he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963 to serve as a crew member of apollo 8 .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . bucharest is the capital of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . denmark has a magistrate government . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kerala ' s leader is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest , its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil are the main ingredients of amatriciana sauce which comes from lazio in italy .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where rome is the capital and sergio mattarella are leaders .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group . catalonia is led by the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . the batak and malaysian malay are ethnic groups from sumatra .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . malays and minangkabau are ethnic groups from sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the us is washington d . c .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and the club sandwich .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment . other names for a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska and cookie are desserts . baked alaska comes from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
baked alaska hails from either paris , new york or hong kong . meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) are the main ingredients in baked alaska .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong and china .
baked alaska hails from hong kong and also found in the united states . meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients .
bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and comes from the derbyshire dales , derbyshire . it is a variation of bakewell pudding .
bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of indonesia and is popular in neighbouring southeast asian countries too . it ' s main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , it includes ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes can be found in france where french is spoken and leaders include gérard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor comes from the country of indonesia . siomay is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , and beef .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . its main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia . its main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish of singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . it includes vegetables and can also be known as bhaji or bajji .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato ( a flowering plant of the order solanales ) .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . sago and coconut milk are main ingredients .
bionico is a dessert from the region of jalisco in mexico . it contains granola .
bionico is a food found in mexico and guadalajara . it contains choped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo . cookie is also a dessert .
bakso is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader and tapioca is an ingredient .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . baduy tony tan is the leader of singapore .
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . ethnic groups there include zamboangans and ilocano people . philippine spanish is spoken there .
philippines is the country batchoy comes from . ethnic groups there include zamboangans and igorot people . arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . a cookie is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines , where english is spoken . sandesh is also a nice confectionery dessert .
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazette ii which is written in english . this book was preceded by ring of fire ii which was written in english .
elizabeth garrett is president of cornell university , ithaca , new york . the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and like in great britain , english is spoken .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states , where english is spoken , as in great britain . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the language used is english .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language of the us is english , which is also spoken in great britain . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . a severed wasp originates from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
aenir is an australian novel that was preceded by the novel castle . above the veil is the sequel to aenir and was followed by into battle and the violet keystone .
a severed wasp was written in english ( language of great britain ) in the united states , where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a severed wasp originates from the united states , where the leader is barack obama and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language of the us and great britain .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair and originates from the united states . the capital of the us is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u . s . where barack obama is the president . the capital city is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states , where english is spoken ( as in great britain ) . the us includes many asian americans and the leader is known as the president .
albany is located in georgia , u . s . , where there are many asian americans . the leader of the country is called the president and the population is asian americans .
atlanta is part of fulton county in georgia , united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . and alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is washington dc and english is spoken there .
austin , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
austin , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . it has a total population density of 107 . 3 square kilometres and a total population density of 107 . 3 square kilometres .
antioch is in california , which is part of the san francisco region , in california . the leader of antioch is the south assembly and they speak english .
atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia . it has a total area of 1294 . 9 square kilometres and a total area of 1294 square kilometres .
attica , indiana , is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana . the population density of the airport is 4 . 814 square kilometres above sea level and has a total area of 4 . 814 square kilometres .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states . the population density of the city is 914 . 8 square kilometres and the population density is 914 . 8 ( square kilometres ) .
the largest city in williamson county , texas is round rock and the capital city is austin . the city is part of williamson county and the state ' s largest city is georgk .
the largest city in hays county , texas is houston and the state is the location of austin . the airport is part of hays county and the state ' s largest city is houston .
the largest city in hays county , texas is houston and the largest city is houston . austin is part of hays county , texas where the spanish language is spoken .
alexandria , indiana , is part of madison county , indiana , in the united states . the capital of indiana is texans and the language spoken is english .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas where the largest city is houth . it is located in tarrant county , texas where the spanish language is spoken .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas , in the united states , and is the location of the arlington .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and white americans are one of the ethnic groups . it is also the location of atlantic city , new jersey .
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the people are known as americans . the capital city of albany , oregon county is washington d . c . and the country is the location of albany .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . it is also the location of albany , oregon .
african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s . where english is spoken and where angola is a part of steuben county , indiana .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and the capital city is washington d . c .
auburn county , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states . it is also the location of auburn county which is part of lee county , alabama .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the capital city is trark and the largest city is newark .
english is the language of the united states where the leader is known as president barack obama . it is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is spoken and where the people are known as americans . the country is the location of the dish angola which is part of steuben county , indiana .
the united states is home to native americans and has the capital city of washington dc . the country is the location of the home of the ethnic groups of native americans . the country is the location of akron , summit county , ohio .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president . it is the location of albany , georgia , which is part of the state of georgia .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county , maryland to its southeast .
prime minister artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial is located . the memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
turkey ' s largest city is istanbul , although the largest city is istanbul . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu . the atatürk monument ( i ̇ zmir ) can be found in turkey .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . the institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the monarchy of denmark is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . india ' s largest city is mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in kerala , india . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and the leader is kochi . the ganges is a river in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . aarhus has a magistrate government . aarhus has mols to its northeast .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk . baymax was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane . he also plays for both f . c . bari 1908 and vicenza calcio . the leader of italy is pietro grasso .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker ( footballer ) who plays for chesterfield fc and stockport county f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located in blackpool where the leader is the labour party ( uk ) .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader . s . robur siena are champions of serie d .
the olympic stadium ( athens ) is the home ground of aek athens fc . the manager of which is gus poyet . his club is real zaragoza and he has played for chelsea f . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , which is inhabited by italians . the language spoken in italy is italian and the leader is pietro grasso .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where sergio mattarella is a leader and italian is the official language .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . indonesia ' s leader is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and the malaysian chinese are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia . the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur and malaysian indian .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia ( capital : kuala lumpur ) . malaysian indian and malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia .
asam pedas is a food found in the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and malaysian indian .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states , where paul ryan is a leader and white americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in the us and the capital city is washington d . c .
bacon sandwiches are popular in the uk and the main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment , often ketchup or brown sauce . the bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is from france and also served in hong kong . manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france , where french is spoken .
lemon , part of the rutaceae family , is an ingredient in bandeja paisa , a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia .
barny cakes , made with sponge cake , can be found in france , where french is spoken and francois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders .
batagor is found in indonesia , it is a variation on the peanut sauce siomay or shumai . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia , where the dish batagor comes from . siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . shiitake is an ingredient of batagor .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the dish batagor comes from . siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . shiitake is one of the ingredients in shumai .
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which comes from the karnataka region of india . gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in bhajji .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india , where the leader is t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala . the people from india are called indians .
bhajji come from the karnataka region of india , where the leaders are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan .
sour cream , choped fruits , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico . it is a dessert that can be found in guadalajara , mexico .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico , where spanish is spoken and enrique pena nieto is the leader . honey can be added to it .
bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region of mexico . the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the country ' s leader is carles puigdemont and spaniards are the ethnic group .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and two of the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are both leaders in italy , where rome is the capital and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce . italy ' s capital is rome and two of the leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi .
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java , where the dish ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the javanese people are an ethnic group of java and the leader of singapore is tony tan . english is spoken in singapore .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish and arabic are spoken . ethnic groups in the philippines include zamboangans and chinese filipino .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia , where spanish is spoken and spaniards are the ethnic group .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia and felipe vi is the leader . spaniards are the name given to the people of spain .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and served as a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 14 mission . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 8 mission along with commander frank borman .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
american fighter pilot buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was part of nasa ' s apollo 11 crew .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california , where alan shepard served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 14 . he died in california .
alan shepard was an american who was born in new hampshire . he was awarded the distinguished service medal in the united states navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 14l / 32r and it has a length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force . its icao location id is viag . it is 167 . 94 m above sea level and its runway is 1818 long .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the airbase ' s icao location identifier is oraa , the runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq . the airbase ' s icao location identifier is oraa and it has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . the usaf fought in the bombing of libya in 1986 and deploy the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft as the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft , and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon aircraft .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 hercules as an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules transport aircraft .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . it has a 1st runway made from poaceae which is 733 . 0 in length and has the name 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore . it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3310 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and serves the city of lahore . the airport ' s runway name is 18r / 36l and it is 2900 . 0 in length .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . its runway name is 7 / 25 and it is 1533 m long . the airport is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport serves alpena , michigan and is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 1 / 19 that is 2744 meters long .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves alpena , michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport , which serves luanda , lies 159 metres above sea level in icolo e bengo . the runway , named 05l / 23r , has a length of 3800 . 0 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . two of the leaders of which are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis . greek is spoken in greece .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece . alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in that country where greek is spoken .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey in the united states . the airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey which is lead by don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . philippe of belgium and charles michel are leaders of belgium . the capital of belgium is brussels .
atlantic city international airport has the icao location identifier kacy and is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , new york , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid , essex county , new york , and also saranac lake ( part of harrietstown ) new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the indian air force operates agra airport . the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . haider al - abadi and fuad masum are leaders in iraq where arabic is spoken .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue , buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . construction of the building began in january 2014 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of illinois is springfield and the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where one of the languages is faroese . the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is currently tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc and is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , denmark where one of the languages used is greenlandic .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where one of the languages is greenlandic . the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is currently tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
augustus pugin ( born in bloomsbury ) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster . the republic of ireland is lead by augustus pugin .
addis ababa city hall , which was completed in 1964 , has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . the current tenants are the government of addis ababa .
the akita museum of art at 142 nakadori , akita prefecture , japan has 3 floors .
the chinese are an ethnic group in japan which is lead by taro aso . the country is the location of the akita museum of art in akita , akita prefecture .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the architect of the college of william and mary is robert a m stern .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat ' s leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader in india is sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka , where austin fernando is the leader . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
ampara hospital is in eastern province , sri lanka , where ranil wickremesinghe is a leader . sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka and the eastern provincial council is the governing body .
san francisco born julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar state beach and hearst castle .
san francisco born architect julia morgan designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states . the leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the governing body of birmingham is the city council and labour politician john clancy is the leader .
washington dc is the capital of the united states where john roberts is a leader . the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue and has the title president of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , usa . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
adams county , pennsylvania is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county . carrol county , maryland lies to the southeast and frederick county , maryland to the southwest . the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county and is categorised as a contributing property .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where the capital city is baku .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on 15 march 1932 . he performed as a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 . the united states navy awarded higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission under commander david scott . alan bean retired in june 1981 and retired in june 1981 .
american fighter pilot buzz aldrin was picked by nasa in 1963 to help crew apollo 11 . aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . 1963 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member on apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
dianne feinstein is a senator in california , where one can find the gemstone beintoite . alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard died in california .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . and went on to become a fighter pilot on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong and served as a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa . the backup pilot was buzz aldrin and frank borman was also a crew member . william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he then went on to become a member of the apollo 8 crew along with frank borman and backup pilot buzz aldrin . he has now retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio in ticino , switzerland was established in 1996 . its dean is mario botta . it has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , karnataka , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology ' s campus is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore – 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its religion is the church of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its dean is thomas pallesen .
awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala ' s largest city is mumbai and its leader is kochi . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest ; its leader is klaus iohannis and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . romania ' s anthem is deșteaptă - te , române !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
turkey ' s largest city is istanbul , although the largest city is istanbul . the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and the currency is the turkish lira . the atatürk monument is located in izmir and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the currency is the turkish lira . the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . izmir , turkey is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and its dean is mario botta . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . the institute ' s director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology is located in karnataka state . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by all india council for technical education in mumbai . karnataka has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is deșteaptă - te , române ! . romania ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . romania has an ethnic group called germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and it has 737 academic staff . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association , headquartered in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its government is a magistrate .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . its dean is thomas pallesen and it has 16 , 000 students . its latin name is " universitas aarhusiensis " .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas on 15 march 1932 . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and a crew member on apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with a m . a . in 1957 . he was a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
american alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and a crew member of apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 and alfred worden was the backup pilot .
edwin e . aldrin jr , also known as buzz aldrin , was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot and a crew member on apollo 11 .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member on apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science . he was a crew member on apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . william anders is now retired .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and became a member of apollo 8 ' s crew . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa and backup pilot buzz aldrin . william anders retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . in 1963 , he was chosen by nasa to serve as a fighter pilot and as a crew member on apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
